[KOGITO-8121]-Clean up images used by Kaniko in the docker registry (#10)
kiegroup/container-builder: README.md

## How does it work?

> Without going into many details, Camel-K has basically two phases of their build, which I call "Project Assemble" and "Image Build".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camel-K has basically two phases of their build, which are "Project Assemble" and "Image Build".
```

Reviewer: also maybe, add info that this project is based on Camel-K.

In this first phase, Camel-K reads the Route configuration, assemble the Maven project and run the project build.
Then it takes the Java application and build into an image.

> Camel-K has this concept of "Environment Platform" that based on the type of cluster which is running, can pick the right build feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camel-K has this concept of "Environment Platform" that is based on the type of cluster in use, so it can pick the right build feature.
```

> For example, source to image on OpenShift clusters or Kaniko on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: are we going to support s2i?

Author: No

> Kogito might use this first phase to assemble a specific application based on the sources pushed to the cluster.

Reviewer: what first phase?

Author: https://github.com/kiegroup/container-builder/pull/10/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R23

Reviewer: this link points to nothing.
the first phase I assume that is project assemble, but reading this paragraph it turns a little bit confusing.

Author: "Camel-K has basically two phases of their build, which are "Project Assemble" and "Image Build"." https://github.com/kiegroup/container-builder/pull/10/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R23

> For example, Serverless Workflow projects can have a slightly different setup than DMN/Decisions one.

Reviewer: can we have a small example on how these differ from each other?

Author: No, removing the phrase

> For simplicity, I skipped the first phase and assembled the project on a "builder image" for Serverless Workflow projects.

Reviewer: it might needs a rephrase, it is not clear what exactly "assembled the project on a builder image" means.

## The Next Steps

> Despite this code being a PoC, it can evolve to do more and abstract the build stage for a shareable use among both projects.

Reviewer: both projects, Camel-K and Kogito?
if so, please mention it.

Author: ok

> There's a ton of `TODO` tags scattered in the code that needs work.

Reviewer: imho, can be removed.

Author: ok

- Implement the first stage: "Project Assemble" instead of relying on a pre-built, pre-configured image.
- Review the API interfaces and types to make sure that aligns with the build abstraction and can cover the majority of use cases.

Keep in mind that the end goal is to use this package anywhere you can run a Go application.

As we evolve, evaluate the package with Camel-K team to make sure that it can fit their use case the same way it does today with their embedded package.
That might require some work to remove the relation of the integration concept from the build tasks.

## Docker Registry configuration

> If we want to connect on a remote server using Docker we must set as environment variables the follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to connect on a remote Docker registry we must set the following environment variables:
```

Author: fixed

- **DOCKER_HOST**: sets the url to the docker server.
- **DOCKER_API_VERSION**: sets the version of the API to reach, leave empty for latest.
- **DOCKER_CERT_PATH**: loads the TLS certificates from.
- **DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY**: enables or disable TLS verification, off by default.

otherwise a local docker registry will be used if nothing is present

> `docker container ls -la`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
docker container ls -la
```
```

> `docker container ls -la`

Reviewer: ```bash
docker container ls -la
```

Author: fixed

## Podman Registry configuration

> If we want to connect on a remote server using Podman we can use one of the following uri connections, tcp, unix socket or ssh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect on a remote Podman registry we can use one of the following uri connections:
```

Author: fixed

- tcp://localhost:<port>
- unix:///run/podman/podman.sock
- ssh://<user>@<host>[:port]/run/podman/podman.sock?secure=True

> To connect with a remote server we must set as environment variables the follows:

Reviewer: user must set ssh one even if he choose the socket option, for example?

Author: No, this are the option available

Envs
- CONTAINER_HOST
- CONTAINER_SSHKEY
- CONTAINER_PASSPHRASE

Otherwise for local connection will be used the env var
- XDG_RUNTIME_DIR

with ROOTLESS access
unix://run/user/1000/podman/podman.sock 

Note start the podman socket with:
`systemctl --user start podman.socket`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

> Keep in mind that the end goal is to use this package in any environment that can run a Go application, despite being a cluster or a local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the end goal is to use this package anywhere you can run a Go application.
```

As we evolve, evaluate the package with Camel-K team to make sure that it can fit their use case the same way it does today with their embedded package.
That might require some work to remove the relation of the integration concept from the build tasks.

> ## Docker Registry configuration with Docker Cleaner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker Registry configuration
```

> With Docker to connect on a remote server must be set

Reviewer: can you please rephrase?

Author: ok

// Supported environment variables:

> - DOCKER_HOST to set the url to the docker server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DOCKER_HOST**: sets the url to the docker server.
```

> - DOCKER_API_VERSION to set the version of the API to reach, leave empty for latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DOCKER_API_VERSION**: sets the version of the API to reach, leave empty for latest.
```

> - DOCKER_CERT_PATH to load the TLS certificates from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DOCKER_CERT_PATH**: loads the TLS certificates from.
```

> - DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY to enable or disable TLS verification, off by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY**: enables or disable TLS verification, off by default.
```

otherwise a local docker registry will be used if nothing is present

> ## Docker Registry configuration with Podman Cleaner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Podman Registry configuration
```

> With podman to connect can be used

Reviewer: same, maybe Parameters to connect with Podman.

Author: ok

> // A valid URI connection should be scheme://

Reviewer: what does it mean?

Author: Podman doc snippet

- tcp://localhost:<port>
- unix:///run/podman/podman.sock
- ssh://<user>@<host>[:port]/run/podman/podman.sock?secure=True

> Envs

Reviewer: please add description to these envs.

Author: ok
